all these men here we all fought for
some your take it from us
and we're gonna fight again he was a
common man forced into war fighting to
protect his son
Sam's got a wall because fathers don't
then cut your life she was a woman of
wealth and privilege with everything to
live for and everything to lose
you cannot belong to this family and
fight on the other side they fell in
love at a time when the old world was
dying and a country was being born it
was the time of revolution
now from Irwin Winkler the producer of
rocky and Hugh Hudson the director of
Chariots of Fire and Greystoke comes a
story of love and courage al pacino
revolution starring Donald Sutherland
and the Stasi Kinski